Feature hasAlias (#1377)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v1/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/deployments.mdx

The response of this API can be controlled with the following query parameters. All of them are optional.

| Key            | Description                                                                                        |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **limit**      | Maximum number of deployments to list from a request. (default: 5, max: 100)                       |
| **from**       | Get the deployment created after this [Date](#api-basics/types) timestamp. (default: current time) |
| **projectId**  | Filter deployments from the given `projectId`.                                                     |
| **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. e.g., `meta-githubDeployment=1`.             |

> | **hasAlias**   | Filter deployments with asigned alias with `hasAlias=1`.                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **hasAlias**   | Filter deployments with an assigned alias. e.g., `hasAlias=1`.                                           |
```
